I concept check a light bulb is connected to the battery is shown here and figure a one a second bulb
is connected like in figure B what happens to the brightness of the original bulb.
OK you are comparing A to B.
Those the original bulb increase decrease they the same.
Go out.
Are you unable to determine.
So again.
Well we could just calculate the current in each case.
This one is pretty straightforward.
Just assume you have some.
Again we're considering ideal cases here.
So the amount of current you get for Case Number one given by Ohm's law you should get v over are.
Now what do you get in the second case if you connect another bulb and let's assume that it's identical.
Well again if you do the same loop is what you previously did you're going to get that the current again
through this one.
Call it I one is going to be a battery divided by the value of the resistance.
You're also going to find that the current Aitu through the top bulb is also going to be the same and
it's the same as the first case.
Right because we have an ideal powers apply here.
So at the end of the day the bulb brightness has to be the same for every bulb in this configuration
here.
So what happens to the original bulb.
The best answer here is stays the same.
In the ideal case which you end up doing since the currents are always the same you just end up getting
more current flowing through this battery.
So the battery has to do more work on these charges.
Right so there's more power being supplied by the battery to light up.
Both of these bulbs.